so one of the really confusing things
about depression
is trying to figure out where exactly it
comes from every human being that has
ever existed experiences negative
emotions
we have to understand how we kind of
carry them forward
in our subconscious mind we have to
start by differentiating what's actually
a clinical
illness from a mindset or an outlook on
life
because each one has a drastically
different solution
this module is designed to mirror how i
actually work with people
who are suffering from depression by
looking at the neuroscience
the gut biology the sort of spirituality
of depression
we can give you a road map that you can
use to tackle your
individual depression one branch of the
module
explains the basics of clinical
depression
humans have the special capacity where i
can stand over here
and look at my thinking what happens in
depression
is that people are stuck thinking about
themselves and thinking
negative things about themselves down
the non-clinical
track we'll explore existential or what
i call congruent depression
the depressed mind dwells in the past
and is sort of
filled with regret where does your
dissatisfaction come from
why do you stay stuck every day every
night when you go to bed you promise
yourself
that tomorrow will be different and
every morning when you wake up
it's the same damn thing over and over
and over again
so how do you fix that we'll cover
common psychiatric treatments and
scientifically validated treatments
as well as holistic approaches to
depression how depression can affect the
body the mind and even the spirit
and how we can intervene on each of
those layers to give us a comprehensive
approach to depression
you